draft-questions (#4123)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.2/reference/release-notes/influxdb.md

#### Technical preview: replicate data remotely

Add the option to [replicate data from InfluxDB OSS to InfluxDB Cloud](/influxdb/v2.2/write-data/replication).

{{% warn %}}
**Known issue:**

> On rare occasions, remote write failures cause data in the replication queue to get stuck. You'll be able to identify this is happening by checking the presence of data you expect in the replication target bucket. A less exact indication that this may be happening would be a buildup of the queue size. You can view this size with `influx replication list`.

Author: if this only happens on rare occasions, are we recommending they periodically check the replication target bucket programmatically? (Ideally, we want to be as explicit about how to do this proactively)....rather than say, _occurs rarely, but you'll need to figure out when to check_

For example:
On rare occasions, remote write failures cause data in the replication queue to get stuck. To prevent this issue from occurring, we recommend that you do the following <insert recommended cadence, depending on the amount of data being written?…> :
- Verify the expected data appears in the replication target bucket.
- View this queue size (of the replication target bucket?) using `influx replication list`. (If this queue exceeds ?,

Reviewer: We could do that but I'm also a little worried about exposing that we don't have a good way to monitor this yet. If you think the benefit of being helpful outweighs the optics cost here, I'm good with it.

If we do it, the recommended cadence is going to be hard to pin down but we could say something like, "cadence is up to. Just keep in mind your ingest rate and how fast the queue bytes will build up given that."

Author: I believe the more straightforward we are (to the extent possible), the better. 
Regarding optics costs, I don't think we're fooling anyone. Ambiguous text is apt to generate questions/confusion. Our best gauge --can support team address this issue if need be.

> Prior to the fix, you can remediate the issue by restarting your node. We recommend doing this earlier rather than later as the queue can build up to a max, resulting in dropped data.

Author: earlier rather than later is a bit vague--any specifics we could add here would be helpful, for example, if you're writing xyz amount of data daily, we recommend checking hourly....or anything along those lines

Reviewer: We could simply say "ASAP". In truth, we don't know what the risk level is so it's really hard to recommend a cadence because of that so I think all we can say is to keep in mind how long it would take their queue (size they configured) to fill up given their ingest volume to the buckets they've configured to replicate.

#### Technical preview: replicate data remotely

Add the option to [replicate data from InfluxDB OSS to InfluxDB Cloud](/influxdb/v2.2/write-data/replication).

{{% warn %}}

> On rare occasions, remote write failures may cause data in the replication queue to get stuck. To ensure data is not dropped, restart your node as soon as possible.

Author: ```suggestion
On rare occasions, remote write failures may cause data in the replication queue to get stuck. To ensure data is not dropped, restart the InfluxDB instance you're writing to as soon as possible.
```

To assess whether this issue is occurring, we recommend periodically doing one of the following:
- Verify your data is successfully replicated to your target bucket. 
- View your queue size using [`influx replication list`](/influxdb/cloud/reference/cli/influx/replication/list/) for unexpected growth.

> {{% /warn %}}

Author: @samhld , updated per your edits, please lmk if you have any more adjustments. Thank you!
